Hey, guys, what's up?
This is a marathon, and I welcome you to another story on this course on Ruby.
And in this story, we are going to be covering two functions related to Rangers' that are the each
and the first function.
So starting on with each, which is a Beldin method in Ruby that iterates over every element in the
range.
Then if you talk about the syntax for this HQ, it is going to be very simple.
It is going to be something like range each and then you can write in the object.
Now the function basically is going to accept a block which specifies the ways in which the elements
are going to get.
I traded and that is what the object is going to be.
And if you talk about the return value of this function, then it is going to return every element in
that range you have specified.
So moving on to the second function we are going to be covering in this tutorial is the first function
and the first function is an inbuilt method in Ruby, which returns an array of the first X elements.
Now, if X is not mentioned, it returns the first elements only.
So if you talk about the syntax for that, it is going to arrange one dot first, then it is going to
have an object.
Now this object is basically not mentioned.
It is going to.
Return an array of the first whatever you have specified, the object as so this function basically,
except this object, which is the number of elements from the beginning, if you don't specify this
object, then it is going to return the elements from the very first element.
So if you just move on to the examples board, then you are going to understand these functions well.
So move on to Atom.
So to start on with each function, we will have our range.
That is going to equal to, let's say, numbers from zero to nine and what we are going to do is that
we are going to print the elements using the each function now.
So we are going to write in puts range dot each.
And in the argument, what we are going to specify is that we are going to specify certain elements
and what are those going to be?
We are going to write in variable.
That is going to be, let's say, X, you can have a variable of your own choice, then what do you
have to do is that you have to write in print X, and after that you have to specify something that
is going to be inserted in between all the elements.
So what this function is going to do is that it is going to grab the first element that is zero.
It is going to store it in this variable X, it is going to print that variable.
And after printing the first element and going on to the second element, what it's going to do is that
it is going to print a comma first and then it is going to move on to the second element of this strange
that is one.
Then this is going to store one.
It is going to print one, it is going to print a comma, go two and so on.
Until nine of the nine is printed, this each function is going to exit and it is going to execute and
the line of code after that.
But in this case, we don't have any kind of code.
So after the statement is going to get it, it is going to just exist.
So, yes, I guess we have made one mistake as well.
This has to be these brackets that are often called, I guess, the flower brackets and something called
the curly brackets as well, I guess.
So these are the brackets you have to specify, not these round brackets over here.
So let's just run this code.
And as you can see, that you have got zero one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight,
nine.
And after that, you already you also have printed your Rangeela here.
So this is basically the range for which you have got this output right over here from zero to nine.
So that's how basically you can have a range printed out and you can also specify the range for which
a certain output has been generated.
Now, you can also have certain range that is starting from, let's say, five till nine.
And if you just run this code, you can have this output.
And as you can see, that you have also got the range as well for which five, six, seven, eight,
nine has been generated as an output.
So now moving on to the second part of this story that deals with the first function.
So as I told you, that it is going to accept parameter the that in which the function basically, except
that parameter and that is basically which is the number of elements from the beginning.
So, for example, we have this very same range over here that is from let's just change it to zero.
So let's say we have this range from zero to nine.
So with this range, what we are going to do is that we are going to write inputs.
Range start first.
All right, so they told you that if you don't specify any kind of argument, then it is going to return
the first element only.
So if you just run this code, you can see that it has printed out zero, which is the first element
in our case.
If you just write and five over here or underscored, you can see that we have got five over here,
which is the first element in both cases.
Now, if we specify something like let's say this is from zero to nine and we let's just specify for
over here, run this good, then it is going to return all the elements before this element, which
we have entered right here.
So since we have entered four and before that, we have got three elements.
So it is going to return zero, one, two, three.
So that's how you can have the first function used.
You can just return simply the first element by specifying no argument here, or you can just specify
the number of elements before a certain element in our own starting on from the very first number in
that range.
So that's how both these functions can be used.
So I guess that's it for this tutorial.
Thank you so much, guys, for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next story as well.
Will covering two more functions on Rangers'.